>> Kyle Simpson: Let's jump
into the this keyword, and
try to understand it a little
bit better through code.
Let's write some code in this exercise.
In this exercise you're gonna be
refactoring some code that currently uses
the module pattern, and you're gonna
instead make it use that namespace pattern
where you have methods on an object and
they refer to the data properties on
that object using the this keyword.
So if we look at the ex.js you'll notice
that we have our module definition.
We've got this defineWorkshop() function,
which is our factory function.
It's producing this publicAPI object and
it has these internal things,
these internal data values,
like currentEnrollment and studentRecords.
What we wanna do is turn the deepJS
from being defined by a function to
being defined as an object
literal that has
properties that reference
the currentEnrollment and studentRecords.
And all of those functions, instead of
being hidden, they'll all be public
methods on that object and they'll
all make references with this stop.
A word of caution, that there
are a bunch of places within this code.
For example, we pass in a callback
like this one right here.
We pass in this callback to .map.
When it’s a regular lexical function,
the way it is in the module pattern,
no problem whatsoever.
But when we pass in this
to where functions,
we have the problem of our this binding.
So you need to make sure to watch out for
the places where you need
to pass in hard-bound references
to the methods, okay?
So the readme will give you
the instructions on taking out
the defineWorkshop() factory,
replacing it with an object.
Change all those internal references and
make sure that you use the bind where
it's needed, but don't use the bind on
everything because it's not needed for
all of the function calls.
As always, if you get stuck and
need some help,
make sure to look at the solution file,
the ex.fixed.
We'll be back in a few minutes
to talk through the solution.